Aunt Wang Yu's powerful means
Uncle can't compare to you
Wang Ri will pass the estimate
In the future, you will not think that this family
It's up to you
Kobayashi has flattered
Face the enemy
One must be preserved
You saw what happened to your uncle
But don't allow your uncle
Of course, bad things happen.
Nature pays for itself.
Future talk is the first example
Here's a second example.
Who could it be?
What will Lawyer Wang's uncle do in the future?
Preliminary conviction for intentional wounding
The follow-up situation also depends on the victim's injury
But you can't escape jail
It's all from this scum in the future, Yingde
GuoGuo
You wait for mom to send the bad guys in one by one
Lawyer Wang, I see.
Go to work
What were you implying just now?
Believe it or not, I will send you to prison.
Reunion with the future?
Of course I believe that Aunt Wang Yu has this ability
You just stabbed yourself
You can take all the bad things you've done
Push it all to the channel
Pick yourself clean
What nonsense are you talking about?
You're out of your mind again
To think people don't know
Unless you don't
All the bad things you've done are known
You know, so what?
I'm about to become the new director of the company
You've done so much
Still didn't shake me
And you, you bereaved soldier
Why don't you get out of here?
Hey, I'll go crazy in the future.
Sent to a mental hospital
And I saw Jiang Yu
Jiang Yu
Me and the student who helped herself in the future
He is the kindest
Coming back at this time should not help the future, right?